Excellent.
We have our extra small screen and small screen layout.
However we also need to work on our C assess just so once we get to a bigger screen size well we're
gonna have this particular layout.
Well like I said there's going to be a logo.
No button.
And then links in the center as well as my nav icons.
Now in order not to switch back and forth.
In fact what I'm going to do right now is zoom out here.
So I'm going to go back to the hundred and I'm going to try to do it side by side here.
So that way I think it's gonna be less annoying the fact that I don't have to switch back and forth
all the time.
Now let's test that out first and foremost by setting up the media query because that way I'm gonna
see exactly when I get to nine hundred and ninety two.
Now of course it's really up to you.
You can use a different size but I went with nine hundred ninety two.
So once we get to nine hundred ninety two then I'm going to change my layout.
So let's write screen and I'm going to go with men with of nine hundred ninety two pixels.
And first of all it's to start out by looking at the nav bar and I'm going to add some background color
of red.
Now I'm gonna delete this particular one but I just want to test once I get to nine hundred ninety two.
OK.
There you go.
I think it looks really well.
Hopefully you're gonna be able to see everything that we're doing and what I'm going to do right now
is I'm just going to get rid of this nav bar.
Now first of all what I would like to do is in fact hide my button.
Now remember that was something that I mentioned that once we'd get to the bigger screen size I wouldn't
want that button to show.
So remember Button had enough toggle class and we're gonna go with display of none.
That's number one.
Now second once we get to the bigger screen size nav links remember that was our class we had a nav
links class and my links are displayed currently this way they are displayed as the blocks or they're
stacked one on top of each other.
What I would like to do once I get to nine hundred ninety two I'm going to go with a nav links and I'm
gonna set them up as display of flex like so that second.
Now currently I'm also gonna add something very interesting with a value of height order.
Now it does not make sense right now but later when we're going to set up the functionality I'm going
to come back to this property in value but I just wanted to add it anyway right now right away within
my meter query but currently it doesn't make sense because it doesn't change anything.
But I am adding height of order because later in order to set up our functionality in fact we are going
to control the height of my LAV links but we're gonna get there.
Now also I'd like to show my icons remember icons had a parent container with a class of NAV icons and
for them I'm going to set up display of flex.
And there you go.
Now we have our icons OK.
All that is working really well.
And now it's start working with our NAV center because remember we had the nav bar but then within the
NAB bar we had this nav central class.
So this now center is in fact a parent for nav header.
It is a parent for the NAV links and then we have the NAV icons and you can think of it as three children.
One is the header.
Second one is the links.
And then we have our NAV icons.
So let's start working on it because it is probably going to be one of the most important ones.
As far as styling goes so let's go with Nan center and let's start very simply by setting up some kind
of Max width so I'm going to say that this particular div is going to have Max with of eleven hundred
seventy and then margin of 0 and auto.
And in this case I am going to in fact switch over to the other screen just so you can see that if we
start scrolling and I think it's going to be easier if we just zoom out.
But in general you should be able to see that my nav center here is in fact eleven hundred seventy just
like the remaining of my sections.
So that was the reason why I added here this max width of 11 70 just because I would want to have the
same styling as rest of my sections and I'm just adding here margin of 0 and auto just so it's always
sitting here in the center.
Then we're gonna have some display of flex because I would want my header my links my icons to be displayed
in one line like so.
And there you go.
Now they're sitting in one line.
Now I also like to push them as far as possible from each other.
So let's use space between and yes we do have it now then also let's align all of them in the center
because notice our logo is bigger our links are bigger so we have also our small icons.
So why don't we place them all in a center.
And now we have all of them lined nicely in the center.
And lastly even though my setup doesn't require because I'm just switching to nine hundred ninety two
I'm only changing the screen size once I get to nine or 92.
You might as well also add right away flex wrap an equal to wrap just in case you ever.
I don't need it.
But in this case it is optional.
Now remember don't have header had already some pairings some patterns that we used on a smaller screen
size.
So what I would like to do right now is head over to NAV header and just say Hey listen buddy your batting
should be 0 0.
That's it.
I don't want any pairings that are coming previously.
That's number one.
Now I also want to do the same thing for my links because links also had some pairings.
So I'm going to say here you know what for the batting or the links let's right now have a link and
I'm sorry not links but link and we're going to set it up as 0 like so.
So now I have no padding from the small screen size and we can start finally working on our layout as
far as well as we're working with our items.
Now when I say that in fact I am misleading I'm a little bit because we still need to fix this notice
from our previous screen size from small screen size we still have this effect.
So why don't we do this.
Why don't we say now the link cover and let's change it around let's say when we're hovering batting
shouldn't change.
So padding is going to stay zero and background is going to be transparent.
Right.
Because remember we were changing the background.
So now the only thing that is happening is in fact we are.
Oh yeah.
Natalie cover story now handling cover.
Now it is working only thing that is happening we are changing the color.
All right.
Nothing else is changing as far as our links are concerned.
So let me zoom in and you're going to notice that we're only changing the color.
So now we're done in fact removing all the things that we had already previously on our small screen
size.
So now we can finally start working just with this layout.
So let's start with a napper.
And for Navarre I'm going to go with padding of one arms and two areas mark so I'm going to add some
padding here.
Then let's in fact work with now center.
Now technically I could again add these properties here with the values but the reason why I'm setting
this up separately because I think it's a little bit clearer of what we're doing step by step.
Because in my opinion if I'm going to add these properties here somewhere on the top while they might
not make sense.
OK.
And this particular property is just going to be nav bar and I'm going to I'm sorry.
Not now no center.
Navarre center and I would like this particular day to span all across some somewhere say 100 percent
mark so.
So I'm going to set this up as hundred percent not technically we could have placed it this property
now that I'm looking at it.
I mean probably would have made sense but anyway that just was my opinion.
So I set this up does not bar center with with 100 percent.
But then remember that Max with is always going to be eleven hundred and seventy.
All right.
Now I also like to add a little bit of margin for my links so let's write nav bar link or no sorry nav
link.
That was the class and that was the class for each and every link and number each and every link had
this class.
So that's the reason why I'm targeting and then I'm going to say margin right margin right is going
to be zero point seven harems.
Again one of those properties that I could have added here but I just wanted to show you how we get
rid of all the things from the extra small screen size and then we start working with our bigger screen
size and land as far as nav bar and a bigger screen size.
The only thing we really have left is working with these icons.
So why don't we target.
So let's say nav icon was our class and here I'm going to add the same marginal right that I had for
the link zero point seven harems.
That's number one color.
Why don't we go with primary color primary color then font size.
I don't know one point two Harry M's and then transition because as I'm transitioning as I'm hovering
over these icons I would want to change their color and as well as lift them up a little bit.
So why don't we say transition transition and that is going to be our main transition main transition.
And then lastly remember nav icon hover.
And then why don't we do color.
Dark gray dark gray and we can also transform into orbit let's say translate why and I'm going to go
with 10 percent.
Like so.
So now as we're hovering over the icons fact they're gonna move up a little bit.
Yep.
There you go.
Now we have our layout for the extra small screen size our small screen size as well as once we get
to the bigger screen size we get rid of the bunch of the things that we already set up.
So essentially we kind of go back to the scratch and then we use again flex to display all of them in
line and then let's just make sure that we have space in between.
And then lastly we just work a little bit on the icons as well as of course hiding our NAV toggle and
that's it.
We're done with our Navarre as well as our whole project.
Now lastly what's left is in fact just setting up javascript for the functionality.
I did notice the error in the video though where when I was adding a waste of hundred in fact added
to a class of nav bar which in fact does not exist in our index HCM CML.
In fact the class name is NAP center and we in fact targeted that class up here on the top.
So what we would need to do is either change this to a nav center.
So let me change this to now center or you can just simply get rid of it altogether and just add a with.
Also here for the NAF center.
So again there was an error I added with width one hundred two and NAV bar center that in fact does
not exist.
That class.
And then we should add the property with a value of hundred to our NAV center class whether that is
by scrolling up and just adding to our first selection or just changing the net bar center to a nav
center.
Class selector.